I Never Got Over You

I never got over it, obviously.
I just pretended to get through.
Because how does one get over the regret of losing you?

My death story is obsessed with all the futures that could have been.
To me, you were heaven.
Heaven should never be tainted by such sin.

You are perfect, polished, an absolute pleasure to know.
I never could have compared to the place where angels go.
You're well-spoken, well-mannered, worth every reason to fall.
But if you had never met me, it wouldn't have mattered in your life at all.

If words were made of pennies,
you’d create lotteries that rhyme.
I made myself a millionaire just because it wasn’t the right time.
But I wish it had been.

I hold those thoughts like a prayer,
to say or not to say.
I guess a better man wouldn’t dare,
but I confess before I know if I should.

I never got over you. Honestly, I don’t think I ever could.
I loved you immediately.
It was a dopamine rush I had never felt before about any other crush.
Because I loved you before love even had time to fall.
I loved you even when I said I didn’t like you very much at all.
I loved you. I did.

Sometimes I still do,
when I compare every first date to that first one I had with you.
I loved you. I did.
To call it something else would be cruel.

When you read over essays after I confided how much I wanted to go back to school,
I started making myself better.
I loved you so much.
I used it as a new standard setter.
Because if I could love you, that love with me remains.

And I’m really hoping this is the part where you say these were just growing pains,
that I’ll understand when I’m older,
when I’m somehow less naive.

How can you still love someone
when you know they’re supposed to leave?

Don’t leave.
I loved you.
Don’t leave. Please stay.
Don’t leave, because that love isn’t gonna leave my heart anyway.
Don’t leave. I didn’t say it then.
Don’t leave, but I wish I had.
Don’t leave, because I know the future,
and without you, it’s pretty fucking sad.
Don’t leave. I mean it.

Don’t leave—or at least let me go.
Leave if you must,
but I really need you to know
that part of me will always love you.

But if you were never to return,
what a hell of a lesson the loss of you was to learn.